for
all right
nice OBS had its had its freak out for
the
day come on ladies this put a smile on
your man's face guar
good morning
mister help a fell
out
partner hey
buddy good to see you again
friend I I've only gone and forgotten
your name but worse from that I've
forgotten my own name too it happens to
me you ever forget your name
Mister
no no it's just me probably they said I
was strange back in the
Army and and that's why they kicked me
out I was the only fella got kicked out
during uh Siege while being Siege
that weren't no
fun out of my
way
[Music]
okay hey partner morning
fancy
ride
hi morning
partner hey mister morning morning good
morning mister
if you would give me a minute please 1 2
3 4 5
seven hope you have a good
trip [__] you just say to
me I'll beat you ass up
[Music]
I am the
stretcher oh Lord no
[Music]
poor see
yeah
what there my
boy it's quite a
right that's
is
this will be the last one of the Outlaws
thing I I
think there you go
[Music]
what you all do side from sit around
here and whne nothing that's why you all
still
alive though in truth this man deserves
no earthly respect from us as a sign of
respect to our creator we pay respect to
the
dam tell it straight father sir we're in
a moment of grief oh Father what do we
say about a man who lost his way so
awfully he carried that awful war with
him rustling horses with a misguided
gang of
killers a brave man undone by Pride
doomed to a life of sin and vice
[Applause]
MH let us pray for this man oh Father
provide him Mercy
amen those were kind words father maybe
but what good her
words hey there
hello I made my horse [__]
That's my boy
hey
now hey see there
is that bust just
calal hey boy
[Music]
hold on there a minute time easy let's
get us a closer look at this one here
around here strangers got to cough up
pay get down from there you hear me
I'm done being kind last
warning good go
[Music]
fo
I
come on now boy
yeah no damn time for
you okay well I wasn't saying anything
there it is Golden Gate Bridge isn't it
beautiful
[Music]
yep you're a good good
boy easy
[Music]
boy easy now
there boy help
me someone help
me help
help I'm going to die
you okay
mister please I've been bitten by a
snake I need
medicine drink this it'll
help is that
medicine thank you thank
you oh
oh I owe you one Mister got that right
hopefully I could repay you
someday now I got to get out of here
don't much like
it out here no
more just stay the hell away from snakes
all
right okay snake City
[Music]
yeah yeah you all right there boy
That's my
boy
yeah easy wo
[Music]
where do you think we are huh
you there oh hello you a bounty hunter
not right now I ain't you black Bell I'd
like to talk to you about your wild west
days I don't care much for reminising
you got any friends as bounty hunters
none that spring to
mind well then you done let them boys
hear and you know the wiser ah those
bounty hunters knew my luck had run out
sooner or sooner well get inside I'll
tell them you're gone oh no no I ain't
hiding from them scalp Hunters not
running from him neither and fighting
yeah if it's just me against Sam that'd
be a waste of time and
nitroglycerin well let me know what I
can do you want that wild west story
don't you yes I do all right get up here
quick now when I give you the word hit
that whole place is
wired black
Bell I got a contract here for your life
or your Liberty we'd sooner it be
Liberty That's mighty reasonable Mister
come here let me take a look at
it
[Music]
come oh come
on stop just there now
set it
[Music]
out here goes your
contract hey look they're trying to
flank us
[Music]
hey I can't see you much in need of my
help you're that sweet you're lucky I'm
all weed
out they coming back around the
P come on you going to
die I was expecting a that all that I
brought a Gatling
gun hey take out the on the back of that
truck
there's going to be some price all me
when all this is
done but a certain price you don't get
it get
the
[Music]
there don't R too long more coming down
the
road that boy is going to get on the
good
[Music]
you're one Dam son of a
[__] [__]
bastard going to make Buzzard feed out
of
you no mercy finish the bastard
W is that the last of yeah you got damn
scal Hunters off your back for now for
now so you going to tell me about your
wild west Days running with Jim booy
Callaway little boy
Callaway the only running he did was
away from a fight and that's about the
end of it well the man's apparently a
famous Gunslinger yeah so they say but
uh don't get what's famous confused with
what's true the ones of us that live
that life we was too busy being scared
for our scalp to talk to no newspaper
writers are dime novel
men well what were they like then those
days they all talk about same as now I
guess only longer ago
all right I'm going to need your picture
too if it ain't a trouble no sir no
trouble at all can't be worse than those
awful drawings on the wanted posters oh
great well you stand over there and let
me get this thing
ready uh
ready how do you want me like
this okay I got it
and I guess I'll be on my way
here well thank you Mrs Bell you going
to be all right oh been running for 20
years suppose I'll be running till I
drop just the way it
is good
luck she got like 5 minutes of dialogue
and she's one of the best characters in
the game can you believe that [__]
can I use this
though [__] out of
here
no can't do it man
whoa bird yet
oh the
mud that's awesome
oh
[Music]
I I'm full of everything I'm full of
cigarettes I'm full of cigarettes I'm
full of cigarettes I'm full of
cigarettes I'm full of
cigarettes 500 cigarettes
[Music]
don't go here
mud the horse's name is
[Applause]
puppy you there you're all
right please
help all rightor all right you're going
to be okay you going to help
me you got
to you got
to
um um
please
please do
something I'll get you help stay alive
my bear
fell
okay I'm going to have to pick that up
again this
B okay there boy
[Applause]
you okay
boy we're nearly there just hold on a
little longer all
right must stay awake
you're a good
boy
where where am
I you give up
now by
Louis I thought so I'm
dying this is
shut
up
Lord oh with you what in God's name
what's wrong with
you
Salos my
arm I can't feel it
anymore please be careful they It Off
think you
okay all right friend all right we're at
the
[Music]
doctor oh good God quickly bring him in
here
right here and sit them down in this
chair what happened just saw you fall
out of the saddle don't worry you're at
the doctor thanks
friend I appreciate
it sure there's also the matter of my
payment but we'll deal with that later
all right all right lot of blood loss
this wounds badly in
Ed I'll save as much as I can but I'll
have to amputate what what did you say
try to breathe
uh I'll give you something for the
pain there you are I don't to knock him
out for a while you did a good thing
bringing him here but now I'd recommend
moving
along you do not want to see
this how are we know
sorry it's come to
this I wonder what
happened anyway oh
puppy you're being weird time to go boy
nicer that's this is New Orleans
presumably
yeah how you doing
boy that was like an actual City the
first time I've seen
this wrong way
[Music]
there
boy what's the
problem easy boy
easy boy good boy
good boy yeah
[Music]
Slow it
Up
Guys where's my bear Pelt
guys where's my bear
P
guys where is my pear
[Music]
belt guys where's my apples
where's my
[Music]
gaples yeah
sh
boy
[Music]
easy Dre hey
mister get down in my face all right
easy
now huh
haa easy
easy [__] be what is this always
happen to
me I [__] be help
H so bad you do the same oh my God
help you all right maybe I will just
once look here this one's nosy
[Music]
no run as fast as you can
okay I'll just get my head this
way ran off just like that bear Pelt
stop stop
saying that's my boy F multiplier this
is the hat
hat Kong Kong to you too
[Music]
fin oh my God the golden sprung I even
seen it in my dreams
yeah there boy
yeah you all right there
boy the fog of War
[Music]
there
boy all hey
how's it going
photo studio where is a is there a
[Applause]
hotel
Mis hope you AR that rest I have my
Soldier on my PL when you were still
sleeping this
morning mister no
though new to town haven't seen right I
think you ever played this before friend
how do you
do
M hey
[Music]
fell how are you my
love play the more people aim for if you
get
me I'll
raise certainly all right it's
fine thank you you stop this is the law
screw it out of
you [__] no looks like the law finally
caught up with please I didn't take
much no
no see what you get when you cross me
what happened looks like he's worse for
where
okay off you go
then
okay
guys this is
bloodborne if you squinted this could
look like a screenshot from bloodb
[Music]
hello hey partner
things I've been hearing about men like
Leviticus Cornwall this blessed land is
being run into the
ground howdy
sir hello
mister let's go in the dark alley
hello man this is just like yakis
I'm going to try every door in the
universe
no
Arthur bamon 3 Global Offensive
hello sir how do you
do I
don't this place is so
sprw morning
[Music]
sir get a load of this
room excuse
me I'm going to stop the game here I
know I just started second dream stream
already just like great
[Music]
feel like extra
sleepy the door opens I don't
know extra sleepy extra
happy okay the Pelt I know I know the P
I know the
P the P the p
[Music]
I know this
one
okay
oh all right
it's
all we've rode everything to death in
the
redness I'm going to part the Red Sea
[Music]
now
MH bye every horse